Dope day, for the most part
September 29, 2025 at 10:18 PM

Hung out with the boys today, went to jars crib, we did the Chained together LAN party there briefly, was dope. I did wish I planned better in advance more though, for example, I was thinking about taking my laptop and mouse to jars house, just in case I want to do work there etc and for other possible reasons, but I didn't.

When I got there, it turns out, as I could've predicted, Beans did indeed want to be part of the LAN party, and not just sit and watch, but jars MAC didn't work, and Beans couldn't install the game because of those admin restrictions. The point being, I could of somewhat predicted this actually, and brought a laptop just in case. I should try plan ahead more, have backup plans, especially if they don't inconvenience me much.

Anyway, we then shifted to Beans (wills) house, we played Chained together there, all five of us, swapping 1 player in and out. It was hilarious, very fun. And then when Kooch and Jar left I sort of acted as a movie director for London and Beans, because London had a cool idea for a shot he wanted to do. The key theme was "everyone is trying to sell you something" so we were filming Beans as a salesman, in a suit, running up to London trying to sell him all kinds of items in the ambient, nice garden. The little dangling stone fish in the green branches was a bonus. Me and Beans were having fun kicking it.

And then Beans made me and London tea, and me and London made ramen, was dope. 

The bad part of the day: jar made a comment about 7harriet and her preferences, and I had some weird fantasies later in the day, gooned too much. In the evening, this made me think about a couple things and reinforced some preexisting views of mine. Firstly, porn is indeed very dangerous and corrupts your mind, its good that I am mostly tapering off it, I don't watch proper porn (fucking) and I rarely look at pornographic images. Nonetheless, it is still bad if I can't control my mind and have weird fantasies. I was thinking about this, and it made me think about my anxiety. As we know, my anxiety was at its peak, when I went into a positive feedback loop, where a negative thought, eg ( I am losing my mind > led to more anxiety > which led to more feelings of derealistion when I went outside, which in turn led to more anxiety which then led to negative thoughts etc. And as we know, it spiralled seriously out of control. The point being, if I can train my mind to have more self control over my thoughts, impulses etc. I am sure I will better be able to regulate anxious thoughts, and as a result these vicious feedback loops. Which we have been doing well on, I will give myself some credit. I haven't had a fullblown panic attack in a while. I'll admit, I still find myself "feeling strange" when I go outside, passively murmuring in my head often or feeling convinced that I am seeing the world in a different way post psychs than I did before. But overall, I am doing much much better. Which is awesome. But I have lengths to go.